yeah do you think he'd figure it out
after calling one of us father's always
worried about their daughters it's what
they do best can you believe how much
spam you get these days you just need to
change your address to something that's
not too obvious I change mine and it's
all good not too obvious huh give me an
example well I got my address written
out to say meganekko get 11° romaji what
I really wanted was something with made
in it but addresses with made Sun and
Miko son are so popular they've all been
like that I wait you don't have to
broadcast into everyone on the bus I got
it I got it already the study you're
talking about his worth to spam problem
good morning hey why are you crying
that's wrong she's sort of forgot to
take it out of your pockets gone to a
much better place he made it through
unscathed persistent little guy oh hey
about that text you sent me last night
you know the one that said something
about how kagamine wanted me to return
her homework notes today was that the
last message you sent yeah how is the
last did you reply to it oh it's so hard
for you to return a simple text message
I've never replied to a text when it's
from someone i'll be talking to you
later are supposed to reply to those
they see you every day so what's the
point in going to all that trouble
you're gonna lose a lot of friends that
way it's not like it's all horny can't
wait how can you say that after all the
back-and-forth I still didn't get my
notes back
su casa can I come in oh hey sis huh
what's wrong why are you crying this
manga that I borrowed from konachan made
me weepy good morning thanks for letting
me borrow the manga it was really cool
yeah wasn't that silly bet it made you
laugh but it was so touching that I made
me cry it's hard to believe you guys are
talking about the same manga here if you
cry you're on tsukasa side but if you
laugh you're a my son no way I don't
wanna classified with either one of you
I think it'd be kind of neat to see how
you react to it oh is it really such a
bad thing to want to know what your
friends are all about okay here's an
idea attack number what did you cry or
did you laugh all right okay what's your
favorite manga kiddo goons 00 can't
really tell if these guys are the same
or not anymore why don't you join the
manga club or something pwnage on I mean
you like manga yeah I guess I wouldn't
mind joining up with those guys I'm
pretty sure they've at least got
flexible hours you call this drawing huh
I got a question this thing here who's
it a picture of that's a casa really
that's me and that's me Yuki son I guess
you sorted at the feel for this is
kagamine oh I breathe fire huh it's the
spitting image of you already oh the new
fullmetal book just came out yeah the
new issue of compte came out today too
I'm gonna swing by gamers now do you
guys want to go oh sorry I think I'll
just go by the local bookstore today I
got errands to run but you have to go
honey to gamers today cuz it'll nurture
the friendship between us stop it what's
up with you today you use a word like
friendship and it doesn't fit you at all
oh yeah that I was just trying to get
you to give me all your purchase points
by appealing to your sense of loyalty so
that's all my friendship means to you
what a crock lucky star man it's quiet
is she mad i use the sunflowers for the
pigtail gag I wonder huh what who me
huh-uh you want me ocular some me oh
okay got it hey um I think we're on the
air right now so uh if I don't do
something now they're gonna change oh oh
you know however she says that line okay
guys lucky channels on the air again
this week and I mean Oro shiroishi the
assistant I'm Kira Selma's in a bad
how dare you introduce yourself before
introducing me Akira kogami do not
understand what rank is no I was I've
noticed you've been getting quite
popular around here lately you and those
pigtails me popular no not at all
yourself that makes me sick I'm terribly
sorry first stop everybody was expecting
the ocular fashion project to showcase
me yes me and my pigtails what are those
you're right you're absolutely right I'm
gonna wear twin drills you're kidding
twin drills don't underestimate the
speed of the Gator hey number two huh
pigtails are over the next big thing is
going to be twin drills didn't Co not to
say in episode two that a trail is kind
of like a case so until the next episode
so yes the pigtails oh the ones i had
mmm the ones in the picture yes we're
those sunflowers they were I think I've
seen those somewhere be from what do you
mean years ago oh hang on a second I got
a battle it was very cute and very well
done do you get nervous on the first
song you sing you think am I gonna sing
this song good enough you know your turn
Miyuki I'd like her to sing o moly Doege
eep I why that one but would you please
hand me the mic here good luck um I
don't do this very often so I'd like to
apologize ahead of time of my singing
hurts your ears don't worry you'll do
great
ah good one I totally get the connection
here nice me Yuki
awesome
and no big
key card or no be
nah me mama
never
horsey oh oh oh boy stole a bikini
better on the next episode of lucky star
to come here wait on top next time
energetic despite helping myself look
forward to him